---
layout: post
title:      "Shifting Gears"
date:       2018-04-17 10:25:32 -0400
permalink:  test_post_1
---

Years of manual labor has a way of catching up with you. I had a great job with an amazing company and I gave it up. Spinal fusion at 33 years old and a laundry list of minor injuries had me very concerned about the future. I had my run(s) at college and found out the expensive way that I had no idea what I wanted to do. I had, however, learned a great deal while I was there, despite consistently changing majors and leaving and then returning to school several times. I had one problem: without a degree, all this knowledge gained was for naught. I was overqualified for my work and underqualified to move on. 

 I had been using computers since the days of Prodigy dial-up internet and had been coding since elementary school, off and on. I had coded (nearly) an entire animated, interactive, and informational website using countless libraries, never to launch it.  Over the years I had learned QBASIC, Pascal, Java, HTML, CSS, Javascript, Angular, and some C++. It seemed obvious, in retrospect, that I was destined to code. I had done some research on bootcamps before and decided it was time to pull the trigger. I chose Flatiron School's course for full stack web development because they checked all the boxes: Online education, high job placement, good support, and reasonable pricing.
 
 Coding is the puzzle I've craved. As with anything that's really worth it, it's bound to have you pulling your hair out at some point. However, I find the feeling of victory when overcoming these challenges is measured by how much stress was caused before that "AHA!" moment. The more stress before you find a solution, the sweeter the feeling of accomplishment. I'm a junkie for that moment. I stand up at my desk, fist pump a few times, and scream out "I'm the smartest man alive!" Humble, right? That moment of triumph is worth every single headache leading up to it.

